_drafts/working_copy.markdown, before:

---
title: "Posting to YANOTECH and Working Copy"
category: tips
tags: iOS markdown macOS git
---

The good thing about using Github Pages for hosting YANOTECH is that posting is just creating a new markdown file within the `_posts` subfolder, and once everything is setup (the subject for a future post), everything is dealt with for you by Jekyll running on behalf of Github Pages.

I have also created a `_drafts` subfolder, where I can start with stubs for things that I want to publish. I can keep editing in the `_drafts` subfolder, but things will not be accessible on the web until I give them a name in the form `YYYY-MM-DD A Very Impressive Title.markdown` and they are moved to the `_posts` folder.

How am I creating the posts? On the Mac —or any other desktop platform with a git client—, I'm using TextMate and Github Desktop.

On iOS, I'm using Working Copy as the git client and editor. I will probably use something else as the editor, because Working Copy provides repositories within the Files application as direct source for any other application, but for now I'm happy with Woking Copy.

In particular, the draft for this post was written within Working Copy, and posted —git committed and got pushed— to the `_drafts` folder. Except I did not use the command line, only the UI.

The process is quite easy within Working Copy: you tap _Done_ when you are done editing, and then you move to the _Status_ tab, where you will see the possibility of both committing, and pushing the commits to the remote at the same time.

Commit message:

add text about changes tab

_drafts/working_copy.markdown, after:

---
title: "Posting to YANOTECH and Working Copy"
category: tips
tags: iOS markdown macOS git
---

The good thing about using Github Pages for hosting YANOTECH is that posting is just creating a new markdown file within the `_posts` subfolder, and once everything is setup (the subject for a future post), everything is dealt with for you by Jekyll running on behalf of Github Pages.

I have also created a `_drafts` subfolder, where I can start with stubs for things that I want to publish. I can keep editing in the `_drafts` subfolder, but things will not be accessible on the web until I give them a name in the form `YYYY-MM-DD A Very Impressive Title.markdown` and they are moved to the `_posts` folder.

How am I creating the posts? On the Mac —or any other desktop platform with a git client—, I'm using TextMate and Github Desktop.

On iOS, I'm using Working Copy as the git client and editor. I will probably use something else as the editor, because Working Copy provides repositories within the Files application as direct source for any other application, but for now I'm happy with Woking Copy.

In particular, the draft for this post was written within Working Copy, and posted —git committed and got pushed— to the `_drafts` folder. Except I did not use the command line, only the UI.

The process is quite easy within Working Copy: you tap _Done_ when you are done editing, and then you move to the _Status_ tab, where you will see the possibility of both committing, and pushing the commits to the remote at the same time.

The _Changes_ tab visualizes what has changed from the last commit.
